Joan found 70 seashells on the beach . she gave some of her seashells to Sam. She has 27 seashell . How many seashells did she give to Sam ?
There are 22 walnut trees currently in the park . Park workers will plant walnut trees today . When the workers are finished there will be 55 walnut trees in the park . How many walnut trees did the workers plant today ?
Mike had 34 peaches at his roadside fruit dish . He went to the orchard and picked peaches to stock up . There are now 86 peaches . how many did he pick ? 
Joan went to 4 football games this year. She went to 9 games last year. How many football games did Joan go?
Tom has 9 yellow balloons and Sara has 8 yellow balloons . How many yellow balloons do they have in total ? 
There are 4 walnut trees currently in the park . Park workers will plant 6 walnut trees today . How many walnut trees will the park have when the workers are finished ? 
Sam had 9 dimes in his bank . His dad gave him 7 dimes . How many dimes does Sam have now ? 
Alyssa's dog had puppies . She gave 7 to her friends . She now has 5 puppies . How many puppies did Alyssa have to start with ? 
A restaurant served 9 pizzas during lunch and 6 during dinner today . How many pizzas were served today ? 
There are 2 pencils in the drawer . Tim placed 3 pencils in the drawer . How many pencils are now there in total ? 
Joan found 6 seashells and Jessica found 8 seashells on the beach . How many seashells did they find together ? 
Sandy grew 6 carrots . Sam grew 3 carrots . How many carrots did they grow in total ? 
Sally found 9 seashells . Tom found 7 seashells and Jessica found 5 seashells on the beach . How many seashells did they find together ? 
Joan has 9 blue balloons . Sally has 5 blue balloons and Jessica has 2 blue balloons . How many blue balloons do they have in total ? 
Melanie had 7 dimes in her bank . Her dad gave her 8 dimes and her mother gave her 4 dimes . How many dimes does Melanie have now ? 
Sara grew 4 onions . Sally grew 5 onions and Fred grew 9 onions . How many onions did they grow in all ? 
Jason has 43 blue marbles and 16 red marbles . Tom has 24 blue marbles . How many blue marbles do they have in all ? 
Sam found 18 seashells and Mary found 47 seashells on the beach . How many seashells did they find together ? 
Jason grew 23 watermelons and 18 turnips . Nancy grew 28 watermelons . How many watermelons did they grow in total ? 
There are 11 rulers and 34 crayons in the drawer . Tim placed 14 rulers in the drawer . How many rulers are now there in all ? 
Keith has 20 books . Jason has 21 books . How many books do they have together ? 
Tom found 15 seashells and Fred found 43 seashells on the beach . When they cleaned them , they discovered that 29 were cracked . How many seashells did they find together ? 
Sara has 31 red balloons and 15 green balloons . Sandy has 24 red balloons . How many red balloons do they have in total ? 
There are 33 pencils and 44 crayons in the drawer . Joan placed 27 pencils in the drawer . How many pencils are now there in total ? 
Dan grew 42 turnips and 38 cantelopes . Jessica grew 47 turnips . How many turnips did they grow in total ? 
There are 33 walnut trees currently in the park . Park workers will plant 44 walnut trees today . How many walnut trees will the park have when the workers are finished ? 
Sara had 21 quarters in her bank . Her dad gave her 49 quarters . How many quarters does she have now ? 
There are 41 pencils in the drawer . Mike placed 30 pencils in the drawer . How many pencils are now there in total ? 
Joan has 10 books . Tom has 38 books . How many books do they have together ? 
Joan has 40 blue balloons . Melanie has 41 blue balloons . How many blue balloons do they have in total ? 
Fred grew 38 cantelopes . Tim grew 44 cantelopes . How many cantelopes did they grow in total ? 
Sam went to 14 football games this year . He went to 29 games last year . How many football games did Sam go to in all ? 
------